---
title: "read it Intellectual Property and Magicians"
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
<a href="http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/?p=1196">Intellectual Property and Magicians</a> 这篇文章非常有意思。

请大家看全文。如果有兴趣读读文章给的一些魔术专利的说明，自己练习一下也能来点惊人的魔术表演说不定。：）

文章有一些词我找出来学学。

<blockquote>

Yet Loshin, and apparently most magicians, think that patent and trade secret are a poor fit. There are basically three reasons for this. First, part of the value of a trick is that the audience can’t figure out how it’s done; but a patent must explain the details of the invention. Second, tricks are subject to “reverse engineering” by rival magicians who watch the trick done, repeatedly, from different parts of the audience, then do experiments to try to replicate it; and of course trade secrets are not protected against reverse engineering. Third, there’s a sort of guild mentality among magicians, holding that knowledge can be shared within the profession but must not be shared with the public. This guild mentality can’t easily be implemented within current law — a trade secret must be carefully protected, and so cannot be passed around casually within a loosely defined “community”.

<a href="http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/?p=1196">http://www.freedom-to-tinker.com/?p=1196</a>

</blockquote>

guild

<blockquote>

club: a formal association of people with similar interests; “he joined a golf club”; “they formed a small lunch society”; “men from the fraternal …

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn



A guild is an association of craftspeople in a particular trade. The earliest guilds are believed to have been formed in India circa 3800 BC, and though they are not as commonplace as they were a few centuries ago, many guilds continue to flourish around the world today.

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guild



But I have my doubts that publishing information about tricks actually makes them less entertaining. Goldin’s patent on the saw-a-person-in-half trick — which explains pretty clearly how to do the trick — was issued in 1923, but the trick is still a staple today.

</blockquote>

staple

<blockquote>

basic: (usually plural) a necessary commodity for which demand is constant

a natural fiber (raw cotton, wool, hemp, flax) that can be twisted to form yarn; “staple fibers vary widely in length”

raw material: material suitable for manufacture or use or finishing

a short U-shaped wire nail for securing cables

paper fastener consisting of a short length of U-shaped wire that can fasten papers together

necessary foods or commodities; “wheat is a staple crop”

secure or fasten with a staple or staples; “staple the papers together”

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn

</blockquote>

这里作基本的讲。就是观众还是要看的。

<blockquote>

The great innovators may be venerated within the profession, but they’re unknown to the public.

</blockquote>

venerate

<blockquote>

reverence: regard with feelings of respect and reverence; consider hallowed or exalted or be in awe of; “Fear God as your father”; “We venerate …

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn

</blockquote>

