---
title: "pastry bulk escalade peddle string out suburban"
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
<blockquote>

I’m trying to ride my new bike to as many places as possible. Most days this involves riding past Booda Beans. It’s everything you would expect from a neighborhood coffee-shop-that-isn’t-Starbucks, offering coffee in various combinations of size, temperature, and artificial flavor. Plus pastries and bulk candy. On the dark side, the owner drives an Escalade and watches Fox News all day, while peddling caffeine and sugar to strung-out suburbanites. On the bright side, they offer free wireless.

</blockquote>

Pastry is the name given to various kinds of dough made from ingredients such as flour, butter, shortening, baking powder or eggs. …

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pastries

bulk

+  majority: the property resulting from being or relating to the greater in number of two parts; the main part; “the majority of his customers …

+  stick out or up; “The parcel bulked in the sack”

+  the property of something that is great in magnitude; “it is cheaper to buy it in bulk”; “he received a mass of correspondence”; “the volume of exports”

+  bulge: cause to bulge or swell outwards

+  the property possessed by a large mass

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn

escalade

The Cadillac Escalade is a full-size luxury sport utility vehicle sold by the General Motors luxury brand, Cadillac. …

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cadillac_Escalade

peddle

sell or offer for sale from place to place

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn

peddler

string-out

set out or stretch in a line, succession, or series; “the houses were strung out in a long row”

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn

suburban

relating to or characteristic of or situated in suburbs; “suburban population”

wordnet.princeto

.edu/perl/webwn

最后一句我不会翻译。似乎是咖啡和糖让人有一种郊区的感觉？请指教。

