---
title: "rodent是啮齿类动物 如老鼠、兔子等 "
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
啮齿类。啮，念nie4，音同作孽的孽。孽障，蹑手蹑脚。镊子。涅槃。镍。这些都念啮。

<blockquote>

The top featured story at Sina blogs yesterday was the rodent invasion into the areas surrounding Dongting lake in southern Hunan province precipitated by flooding on the Yangtze river, and the resulting extermination campaign.



Among discussion were the reasons the rodent population has flourished in the south, as well as what’s being done with the corpses, ninety tons of which have already been collected, according to officials, with two billion rodents running loose in total [zh]. Video and photos have been posted and, notes Sina blogger ‘Everywhere is my Home‘, the area affected spans four million mu—just more than 1,000 square miles—which includes twenty-two counties, leaving the local flood protection dike and eight million mu of rice paddies at serious risk:

via <a href="http://www.globalvoicesonline.org/2007/07/16/china-rodent-population-problem/">global voice</a>

</blockquote>

<dl>

<dt><a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=define%3Arodent">define: rodent</a></dt>

<dd>

relatively small gnawing animals having a single pair of constantly growing incisor teeth specialized for gnawing

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn

</dd>

<dd>

The order Rodentia is the most numerous of all the branches on the mammal family tree. Currently there are, depending on the authority consulted, between 2000 and 3000 species of rodent—roughly half of all mammal species. Rodents are found in vast numbers on all continents except Antarctica (they are the only placental order other than the bats to reach Australia without human introduction), most islands, and in all habitats bar the oceans.

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rodent

</dd>

</dl>

