---
title: "Texting and Driving Kills Teens"
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
Texting and Driving Kills Teens

Sad sad story.

<blockquote>

In late June, a 17-year-old driving an SUV in East Bloomfield, New York slammed head-on into a truck, killing her and four other recent high school grads in the car. Police claim text messaging (to friends in a following car) moments before the crash was a contributory factor. “The records indicate her phone was in use,” Sheriff Phil Povero said diplomatically. “We will never be able to clearly state that she was the one doing the text messaging.” Meanwhile, according to new research by SADD (Students Against Destructive Decisions) and Liberty Mutual Insurance Group, instant and text messaging top the list as the biggest driving distraction for teens. Seventy-three percent of teens admit to talking on a cell phone while behind the wheel. Where do teens pick up these bad habits? Some 62 percent of high school-aged teens told researchers their parents talk on a cell while driving.

<a href="http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/?p=4321">http://www.thetruthaboutcars.com/?p=4321</a>

</blockquote>

Which part is “said diplomatically”?

<blockquote>

“The records indicate her phone was in use,” Sheriff Phil Povero said diplomatically. “We will never be able to clearly state that she was the one doing the text messaging.”

</blockquote>

I am assuming by saying “we will never be able to clearly state that she was the one doing the text messaging.” would help to relinquish her family some pressure and even law suits from parents of those 4 kids in the car.

