---
title: "pro hac vice 和 motion in limine 两个法律词汇"
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
pro hac vice 和 motion in limine ，两个法律词汇

在看 <a href="http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20070905184247627">SCO’s Attempt to Exclude Mention of IBM and Groklaw in the Novell Trial - all as text</a> 。开头律师名字后面有 pro hac vice。查了一下是什么意思。

<blockquote>

David Boies (admitted Pro Hac Vice)

Robert Silver (admitted Pro Hac Vice)

</blockquote>

Pro hac vice, Latin for “for this occassion” or “for this event,” is a legal term usually referring to a lawyer who has not been admitted to practice in a certain jurisdiction, but has been allowed to participate in a particular case in that jurisdiction.

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pro_hac_vice

这个称谓的对应中文是什么？

但还是不明白。为什么开头的几个律师是pro hac vice。是因为案子在犹他州的盐湖城（？）审判，他们不是当地律师所以一般来说不能在那里打官司么？有明白的朋友请说说。

Why the lawywers for Novell are pro hac vice? Is it because the SCO filed the case in salt lake city, utah, and those lawyers are from states other than utah so genearlly they can’t practice law in utah? Somebody please help.

What’s “motion in limine”

<ul>

<li>A motion made by counsel requesting that information which might be prejudicial not be allowed to be heard in a case.

brandonlclark.com/glossary.html</li>

<li>A pretrial motion requesting the court to prohibit the other side from presenting, or even referring to, evidence on matters said to be so highly prejudicial that no steps taken by the judge can prevent the jury from being unduly influenced.

www.uscourts.gov/journalistguide/glossary.html</li>

<li>Motion in limine (Latin: “at the outset”) is a motion, raised before or during trial, to exclude the presentation of certain evidence to the jury. If a question is to be decided in limine, it will be for the judge to decide. Usually it is used to shield the jury from possibly inadmissible and harmful evidence.

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Motion_in_limine</li>

</ul>

