---
title: "shepheard是sheep加herd么 "
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
lonely shepherd 好听的曲子

刚发现shepherd这个词应该是 sheep 和 herd的组合 

sheep就是羊 herd 是一群羊的群

所以组合就是牧羊狗吧 ：） 一条狗看一群羊萨。

我这种猜测对么？

shepherd

<ul>

<li>a clergyman who watches over a group of people</li>

<li>watch over like a shepherd, as a teacher of her pupils</li>

<li>sheepherder: a herder of sheep (on an open range); someone who keeps the sheep together in a flock</li>

<li>tend as a shepherd, as of sheep or goats

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn</li>

<li>A shepherd is one who takes care of sheep, usually in flocks in the fields. Shepherding is one of the oldest professions, beginning some 10,000 years ago in Asia Minor. Sheep were kept for their milk, meat, and especially their wool. Over the next millennia sheep and shepherding spread throughout Eurasia.

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shepherd</li>

</ul>

herd

<ul>

<li>a group of cattle or sheep or other domestic mammals all of the same kind that are herded by humans</li>

<li>cause to herd, drive, or crowd together; “We herded the children into a spare classroom”</li>

<li>move together, like a herd</li>

<li>a group of wild mammals of one species that remain together: antelope or elephants or seals or whales or zebra</li>

<li>ruck: a crowd especially of ordinary or undistinguished persons or things; “his brilliance raised him above the ruck”; “the children resembled a fairy herd”</li>

<li>keep, move, or drive animals; “Who will be herding the cattle when the cowboy dies?”

wordnet.princeton.edu/perl/webwn</li>

<li>A herd is a large group of animals. The term is usually applied to mammals, particularly ungulates. Other terms are used for similar phenomena in other types of animal. For example, a large group of birds is usually called as flock and a large group of carnivores is usually called a pack. In addition, special terms may be used for particular taxa: for example a flock of geese is sometimes called a gaggle. …

en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Herd</li>

</ul>

