---
title: "这里的moonshine可不是月光。是私自造酒 特制酒精含量高的liquor 一般就是咱们说的白酒 "
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
moonshine is a crime could be sentenced up to more than 30 years in jail! Why?!

<blockquote>

Because the liquor is worth more to the government than beer or wine. Uncle Sam takes an excise tax of $2.14 for each 750-milliliter bottle of 80-proof spirits, compared with 21 cents for a bottle of wine (of 14 percent alcohol or less) and 5 cents for a can of beer.

Read the orignal slate article: <a href="http://www.slate.com/id/2176247/fr">Why Is Moonshine Against the Law?</a>

</blockquote>

这里的moonshine可不是月光。是私自造酒，特制酒精含量高的liquor，一般就是咱们说的白酒？

看到了么，liquor的税要比葡萄酒和啤酒高得多的多！

spirits这里是也是酒的意思。

<blockquote>

<ol>

<li>(1) liquor, spirits, booze, hard drink, hard liquor, John Barleycorn, strong drink — (an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented)</li>

</ol>

</blockquote>

这个肯定是酒。中文看来得搬出一些酒的俗语来对应了。：）谁来试试？

proof这里指酒的度数？

<blockquote>

<ol>

<li>proof — (a measure of alcoholic strength expressed as an integer twice the percentage of alcohol present (by volume))</li>

</ol>

</blockquote>

是究竟含量的两倍，就是酒含40%容量的酒精的话就是80度？

The noun moonshine has 2 senses (no senses from tagged texts)

<ol>

<li>moonlight, moonshine, moon — (the light of the moon; “moonlight is the smuggler’s enemy”; “the moon was bright enough to read by”)</li>

<li>moonshine, bootleg, corn liquor — (whiskey illegally distilled from a corn mash)</li>

</ol>

The verb moonshine has 1 sense (no senses from tagged texts)

<ol>

<li>moonshine — (distill (alcohol) illegally; produce moonshine)</li>

</ol>

<blockquote>

<a href="http://consumerist.com/consumer/alcohol/why-can-you-brew-your-own-beer-but-not-moonshine-313730.php">Why Can You Brew Your Own Beer, But Not Moonshine?</a>

</blockquote>

more searh results:

<a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moonshine">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moonshine</a>

<a href="http://www.google.com/search?ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8&q=why+is+moonshine+against+the+law">http://www.google.com/search?ie=UTF-8&oe=UT...</a>

liquor

The noun liquor has 3 senses (first 2 from tagged texts)

<ol>

<li>(11) liquor, spirits, booze, hard drink, hard liquor, John Barleycorn, strong drink — (an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented)</li>

<li>(7) liquor — (a liquid substance that is a solution (or emulsion or suspension) used or obtained in an industrial process; “waste liquors”)</li>

<li>liquor, pot liquor, pot likker — (the liquid in which vegetables or meat have be cooked)</li>

</ol>

spirits

The noun spirits has 1 sense (first 1 from tagged texts)

<ol>

<li>(1) liquor, spirits, booze, hard drink, hard liquor, John Barleycorn, strong drink — (an alcoholic beverage that is distilled rather than fermented)</li>

</ol>

The noun spirit has 8 senses (first 8 from tagged texts)

<ol>

<li>(45) spirit — (the vital principle or animating force within living things)</li>

<li>(37) spirit, tone, feel, feeling, flavor, flavour, look, smell — (the general atmosphere of a place or situation and the effect that it has on people; “the feel of the city excited him”; “a clergyman improved the tone of the meeting”; “it had the smell of treason”)</li>

<li>(13) spirit — (a fundamental emotional and activating principle determining one’s character)</li>

<li>(7) spirit, disembodied spirit — (any incorporeal supernatural being that can become visible (or audible) to human beings)</li>

<li>(6) emotional state, spirit — (the state of a person’s emotions (especially with regard to pleasure or dejection); “his emotional state depended on her opinion”; “he was in good spirits”; “his spirit rose”)</li>

<li>(3) intent, purport, spirit — (the intended meaning of a communication)</li>

<li>(3) liveliness, life, spirit, sprightliness — (animation and energy in action or expression; “it was a heavy play and the actors tried in vain to give life to it”)</li>

<li>(2) heart, spirit — (an inclination or tendency of a certain kind; “he had a cha</li>

</ol>

proof

The noun proof has 6 senses (first 2 from tagged texts)

<ol>

<li>(10) proof, cogent evidence — (any factual evidence that helps to establish the truth of something; “if you have any proof for what you say, now is the time to produce it”)</li>

<li>(8) proof — (a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it)</li>

<li>proof — (a measure of alcoholic strength expressed as an integer twice the percentage of alcohol present (by volume))</li>

<li>proof, test copy, trial impression — ((printing) an impression made to check for errors)</li>

<li>proof — (a trial photographic print from a negative)</li>

<li>validation, proof, substantiation — (the act of validating; finding or testing the truth of something)</li>

</ol>

我这里不是鼓励大家自造酒，或买私人或作坊做的酒，因为有可能中毒，有危险的。

<blockquote>

Government prosecutors point out that moonshine poses serious health risks, including heavy-metal toxicity. So, how dangerous is it? There’s no inspection of the manufacturing process, so quality—and levels of contamination—vary. (There are some informal and imprecise ways to test the purity of hooch: You can light some on fire and check for a blue flame or shake the pint and look for clear liquid drops that dissipate quickly.) Aside from drinking too much and doing something dumb—oh, like attacking somebody with a chain saw and fire extinguisher— the biggest risk is lead poisoning, since a homemade still might consist of car radiators or pipes that were dangerously soldered together. One study in the Annals of Emergency Medicine in September 2003 found that more than half of moonshine drinkers have enough lead in their bloodstream to exceed what the CDC calls a “level of concern.”

<a href="http://www.slate.com/id/2176247/fr">http://www.slate.com/id/2176247/fr</a>

</blockquote>

可谁说市场上正规渠道的酒就都安全呢？我知我身边的市场。就是你们身边的市场。

