---
title: "True material 真料 ; Collaborative material 夾料 ; Leaked material 放料 "
author:
category: 
tags: 
layout: post
---
True material (真料) ; Collaborative material (夾料) ; Leaked material (放料)

<blockquote>

True material (真料).  This is the real stuff that the paparazzis obtained by patiently and relentless following a target around.  Or else it is the accidental encounters such as RTHK Director of Broadcasting Chu Pui-hing running into a squad of entertainment reporters while having Coco in tow.  This is fair game.



Collaborative material (夾料).  This refers to the stories in which the subjects sat down with the reporters to script everything, including the theme and all the details.  The story is usually completely favorable to the subject.  Thus, if the front page story of a tabloid magazine is “So-and-so is being oppressed” or “so-and-so’s filial piety touched the hearts of the gods,” then you know what is going on.



Leaked material (放料).  This refers to the stories in which the subjects tipped the reporters/photojournalists about where to show up and what to expect.  For example, there may be a story of an actress appearing holding hands with a man in public.  The reporter/photojournalist may have been tipped by the actress, who wants the relationship to be publicized.



<a href="http://www.zonaeuropa.com/20070813_1.htm">http://www.zonaeuropa.com/20070813_1.htm</a>

</blockquote>

Great tranlsation and explanation.

下面还说了下如何辨别你读的东西倒是什么料 ：）

<blockquote>

For any published story, how do you know which is which?  Erica Yuen has a simple method: if the photographs are fuzzy zoomed shots, then this may be ‘true material’; if the photographs are posed close-ups, then this may be “collaborative materials’ or ‘leaked materials.’  So not all tabloid news are the same.  You ought to try some critical thinking and see what the material really is

</blockquote>

其实这篇文章我看了感觉整体很不错。最后这个不是文章重点要说。我只是摘出来学学英语。

